README.md, before:

# Group_4_SmartPointers
For group project on SmartPointers

The following lines is a word-by-word copy of this group assignment description.

---

In this project you will review some advanced features of C++ and related libraries. Your instructor do not expect you to be an expert on your groups choice of the topic. However, he expect that you will learn the basics of the topic at the conclusion of the project. He will guide you through the project on what to do and where to look, etc. So do not worry if you do not know anything on the topic at first. 

## Learning objectives of this  project are to:

1. review and practice C++ coding 
2. get  familiar with advanced C++ features 
3. practice scientific writing related to computer science 
4. gain Git and GitHub experience
5. gain talk and presentation experience 

## Topics: 

One topic per group. Please select one. Selection is first come first served. Once picked by a group, that topic is not available to others; two groups can't have the same topic. Once picked, each group must create a group discussion with the same topic they picked. Then the instructor will give you further guidance such as where to look and what to do specifically for each project. The instructor will communicate you through this discussion channel. 

1. C++ smart pointers __(we are this group)__
~~2. C++ unit testing~~
~~3. C++ exception handling~~
~~4. Parallel programming with C++ using OpenMP~~
~~5. Persistence in C++~~
~~6. Eigen: a C++ template library for linear algebra~~

## Submission:

By the end of the due time:

An active GitHub project with everything of the project uploaded (40 points)
Maximum four (2-4) page review paper on your topic as a scientific paper (30 points)
A 10 minutes classroom talk/ presentation and a demonstration (30 points)

Commit message:

modified README.md (added useful links) -dan

README.md, after:

# Group_4_SmartPointers
For group project on SmartPointers

Useful tutorial links:
[Mac git Installation & basics of creating and modifying a repository](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Icla6TVNNo)
[Windows version of the above](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBTAkHOxvOk)
[contributing in Git Repos - branching and merging](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZILYABgAoo)


The following lines is a word-by-word copy of this group assignment description.

---

In this project you will review some advanced features of C++ and related libraries. Your instructor do not expect you to be an expert on your groups choice of the topic. However, he expect that you will learn the basics of the topic at the conclusion of the project. He will guide you through the project on what to do and where to look, etc. So do not worry if you do not know anything on the topic at first. 

## Learning objectives of this  project are to:

1. review and practice C++ coding 
2. get  familiar with advanced C++ features 
3. practice scientific writing related to computer science 
4. gain Git and GitHub experience
5. gain talk and presentation experience 

## Topics: 

One topic per group. Please select one. Selection is first come first served. Once picked by a group, that topic is not available to others; two groups can't have the same topic. Once picked, each group must create a group discussion with the same topic they picked. Then the instructor will give you further guidance such as where to look and what to do specifically for each project. The instructor will communicate you through this discussion channel. 

1. C++ smart pointers __(we are this group)__
~~2. C++ unit testing~~
~~3. C++ exception handling~~
~~4. Parallel programming with C++ using OpenMP~~
~~5. Persistence in C++~~
~~6. Eigen: a C++ template library for linear algebra~~

## Submission:

By the end of the due time:

An active GitHub project with everything of the project uploaded (40 points)
Maximum four (2-4) page review paper on your topic as a scientific paper (30 points)
A 10 minutes classroom talk/ presentation and a demonstration (30 points)
